---
title: Happy new year 2024!
description: May the android gods shine upon us 
author: Lup Gabriel
---

## Happy New Year 2024 from the crDroid Android team!

As we bid farewell to 2023 and welcome the new year, the crDroid team is filled with immense gratitude for your unwavering support and enthusiasm. We've had an exceptional year, relentlessly striving to provide you with the finest possible Android experience.

Throughout 2023, we delivered a series of significant updates to crDroid, encompassing support for a range of new devices and enhancements to stability, performance, and battery life. We also persistently expanded upon the array of features and refinements, making crDroid even more adaptable and user-friendly than ever before.

Our achievements would have been impossible without you, our esteemed community. Your valuable feedback and contributions are an indispensable asset to us, and we're deeply appreciative of your dedication to making crDroid the pinnacle of Android customization.

As we gaze towards the 2024 horizon, we're energized to continue delivering the most cutting-edge Android experiences. We've assembled an array of captivating plans, including extending support to even more devices and introducing groundbreaking features that will elevate crDroid's capabilities and personalization options to unprecedented levels.

We extend our heartfelt wishes for a thoroughly joyous and prosperous New Year!

May this new chapter be brimming with happiness, accomplishments, and, of course, extraordinary Android experiences!

Thank you for being an integral part of the crDroid community!
