---
title: crDroid 10.7 is now ready
description: August security patches with it
author: Lup Gabriel
---

## crDroid 10.7 is ready!

We're excited to announce the release of crDroid 10.7!  
This update brings the latest security patches, bug fixes, and new features to enhance your experience.  

**Security First**

crDroid 10.7 includes the August security patches (android-14.0.0_r55), ensuring your device stays protected against the latest threats.

**Stability and Performance Enhancements**

-   **Launcher3 Enhancements:**

    -   **Hide Keyboard:** The keyboard now hides when transitioning to the home screen.
    -   **Small Changes:** Various small improvements have been made to Launcher3.

-   **SystemUI Refinements:**

    -   **Crash Fix:** Resolved a SystemUI crash when removing the status area.
    -   **QS Customizer:** Updated the Quick Settings customizer background color.
    -   **Bluetooth Dialog:** Moved Bluetooth dialog creation to the LongClick method.
    -   **Clipboard Transitions:** Enabled clipboard shared transitions.
    -   **Color Fidelity:** Improved color fidelity across the system.
    -   **Volume Panel:** Correctly monet-themed the new volume panel.
    -   **Google Lens Integration:** Integrated Google Lens into the Screenshot UI.
    -   **Light Theme Issues:** Fixed light theme issues in QS.
    -   **Dual Tone Battery Styles:** Dual tone is now never enabled on landscape battery styles.
    -   **SystemUI Crashes:** Fixed crashes related to notification icons and head-up whitelist packages.

-   **Bug Fixes and Improvements:**

    -   **FrameTracker:** Fixed a memory leak in FrameTracker.
    -   **Carrier Text:** Addressed a font flaw in carrier text after theme changes.
    -   **Notifications:** Fixed sound/vibration issues when the screen is on.
    -   **Display Freeze:** Resolved a possible display freeze during animation playback.
    -   **Screen Record:** Added an option to keep the screen awake while screen recording.
    -   **Quick Settings (QS):** Increased vertical margins for QS tiles in A11 QS, and fixed paddings for notch devices.
    -   **DocumentsUI:** Fixed a possible crash in DocumentsUI.
    -   **Network Handling:** Fixed an issue where the network couldn't handle simultaneous SS requests for both subs.
    -   **AndroidBlackTheme:** Improved color shades for better visual consistency.
    -   **Emojis:** Updated emojis in LatinIME.
    -   **Notifications Regression:** Resolved issues caused by continuous updating of notification icons.
    -   **Navigation Mode:** No longer enforce navigation mode when hiding hints.
    -   **Preinstalled Apps:** Updated the configuration of preinstalled apps.
    -   **ART Optimization:** Optimized the entire ART for better performance.
    -   **App in Freeform:** Kept the app in freeform mode when started from the Home screen.

**Settings and Functionality Updates**

-   **SoftAP Enhancements:**

    -   **Client Manager:** Added a client manager for SoftAP.
    -   **Shutdown Timeout:** Support for setting shutdown timeout has been added.
    -   **Hidden SSID:** Added a preference for Hidden SSID.

-   **Dialer Improvement:** Fixed long call recording in the Dialer.
-   **Themed Icons:** Updated themed icons for a consistent look.
-   **SD Card Activities:** Settings now follow the system theme for SD card activities.
-   **Dark Theme:** Various updates have been made to the dark theme.
-   **APNs:** Updated APNs for better network compatibility.
-   **Roaming Indicator:** Moved the roaming indicator to status bar icons in crDroid settings.
-   **Extreme Battery Saver:** Added back the extreme battery saver preference controller (if Flipendo app is installed).
-   **Google Play Integrity:** Added an option to toggle Google Play Integrity spoofing.

## Flashing Process ##

All crDroid 10.7 builds are signed. For a dirty flash, simply sideload the crDroid.zip file in recovery mode.  
We're confident that crDroid 10.7 offers a significant upgrade for your device.  
You can download latest crDroid updates, from our [downloads](https://crdroid.net/downloads) page.
