---
title: crDroid 10.6 released
description: July security patches and more!
author: Lup Gabriel
---

## crDroid 10.6 is Here!

We're thrilled to announce the initial release of crDroid 10.6!  
This update brings the latest security patches, bug fixes, and some exciting new features to elevate your user experience.

**Security at the Forefront**

crDroid 10.6 incorporates the newest July security patches (android-14.0.0_r53), ensuring your device is shielded against the most recent vulnerabilities.

**Stability and Performance Enhancements**

- **Farewell, Battery Drain:** We've addressed a potential battery drain issue caused by WiFi, keeping your device running longer.
- **SystemUI Refinements:**
    - **Matching Fonts:** The keyguard carrier text font now flawlessly aligns with the system font for a uniform look.
    - **Icon Cleanliness:** Suspicious gaps around new mobile icons in SystemUI have been eliminated.
    - **Clearer Data Usage:** Improved Quick Settings data usage information provides a more comprehensive overview.
- **Multi-User PIP Fix:** A crash in SystemUI related to Picture-in-Picture (PIP) in the Multi-User scenario has been resolved.
- **General Bug Squashing:** We've squashed various other bugs for a smoother overall experience.

**Under the Hood Improvements**

- **Aperture Upgrade:** Enjoy an enhanced Aperture experience with the latest update.
- **Webview Boost:** Webview has been bumped to version 125.0.6422.165 for improved web browsing.
- **Etar:** Calendar updates also added.
- **Monet Monet:** Fixed some lingering Monet issues for a more consistent visual theme.
- **Seedvault:** The InstallRestriction for Seedvault has been rectified, ensuring proper functionality.
- **Battery Savior:** A high CPU usage issue caused by the Quick Settings layout, which impacted battery life, has been fixed.
- **Brightness Consistency:** The inconsistency between SCREEN_BRIGHTNESS values before and after reboot has been addressed.

**New Features and Functionality**

- **Quick Tap Returns:** The beloved Quick Tap feature is back, allowing you to perform actions with a double tap on the back of your device.
- **Glimpse Integration:** ThemePicker now utilizes the Glimpse app instead of Gallery2.
- **Language Love:** We've updated translations for a more inclusive experience.

**Flashing Process**

All crDroid 10.6 builds are now signed. This means for a dirty flash, you only need to sideload the crDroid.zip file in recovery mode.

We're confident that crDroid 10.6 provides a significant upgrade for your device. Stay tuned for future updates as we continuously strive to improve the crDroid experience!
